Adds premium interaction docs (#6875)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Premium Interactions

#### May 16, 2024

> **Premium Apps: New Premium Style for MessageComponentType.BUTTON**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Premium Apps: New Premium Button Style**
```

> This button is to be used with `sku_id` which points to an active SKU. This allows developers to customize their premium experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing a new `premium` [button style](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/button-object-button-styles) to be used with a `sku_id` which points to an active [SKU](#DOC_MONETIZATION_SKUS/sku-object). This allows developers to customize their premium experience.
```

Author: I can commit this but we need to change `an` -> `a`.

## Premium App Subscriptions Now Available in the EU and UK
#### Oct 19, 2023

> Starting today, eligible developers based in EU and UK can now monetize their verified apps with App Subscriptions. [App Subscriptions](#DOCS_MONETIZATION_OVERVIEW) let you to charge your users for premium functionality with a recurring, monthly subscription.

Author: Sorry about these, they were done automatically. If you want me to revert I can.
